Part Two: Link codepen project (https://codepen.io/DesmondA/pen/JjjOemL?editors=1100)








<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML means gives meaning to out content.

	
    2. What is HTML used for? It defines the structure and layout of a Web Document.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It defines the most important heading.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? email and password
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The <head> element is a container for metadata.
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? The id value can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for the element with the specific id value and In CSS, 
	to select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, 
	followed by the id of the element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? One time
    10. What is a class? class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name
    11. What elements can I add a class to? pretty much any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times or as much as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _target
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? displsy alternate text or description if an image doesn't appear.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div: The <section> element defines a section in a document and div doesn't.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Use a period(.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?  letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted red;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename
    34. Why should I use version control? It helps keep track of changes and olve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor 
		and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as you can or ever 20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork->Add TL -> Clone the repo -> create a branch-> commit and add -> push -> create a PR and add TL as reviewer.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   -->